Q1. What is Flask Framework? What are the advantages of Flask Framework?
ANS - 
Flask is a micro web framework written in python.it is classified as a microframework because it does not require particular tools or libararies.
it has no database abstraction layer,from validation,or any other components where pre-existing third-party libararies provide common function.

ADVANTAGES :

1. Scalable :
             Size is everything,and flask status as a microframework means that you can use it to grow a tech project such as a web app
incredibly quickly. if you want to make an app that start small, but has the pontential to grow quickly and in directions you havent 
completely worked out yet.
2. Flexible :
             This is the core feature of flask, and one of it biggest advantages. To parapharse one of the principle of the 
Zen of python,simplicity is better than complexity,because it can easily rearranged and move around, it also makes sure that
the structure wont collapse when a part is altered.The minimal nature of the flask and its aptitude for developing smaller web 
apps means that its even more flexible than Django itself.
3. Easy To Negotiate :
                      Like Django.being able to find your way around easily is key for allowing web developer to conentrate in  
coding quickly, without getting bogged down. at its core , the microframe work is eay to understand for web developer, not just 
saving them time and effort but also giving them more control over their code and what is possible.
4. Light Weight :
                 When we use this term in relation to a tool or framework, we talking about the design of it- there are few constituent
parts that need to be assembled and reassembled, and it doesnot rely on a large number of extensions to function. this design 
gives web developer a certain level of control.
5. Documentation :
                  Following the creator own theory that nice documentation design makes you actually write documentations,
flask users will find a wealthy number of example and tip arranged in a structured manner. this encourage developer to use the 
framework as they can easily get introduced to the different aspects and capabilities of the tool.

Q2. Create a simple Flask application to display ‘Hello World!!’. Attach the screenshot of the output in
Jupyter Notebook.
ANS -
https://mango-postman-ihobc.pwskills.app:5000

Q3. What is App routing in Flask? Why do we use app routes?
ANS -
App routing is used to map the specific URL with the associated function that is intended to perform some task.
it is used to access some particular page like Flask tutorial in the web .
it is used to access some particular page like Flask tutorial in the web .

Q5. What function is used in Flask for URL Building? Write a Python code to demonstrate the working of the
url_for() function.
ANS - 
To build a URL to a specific function,use the URL_for() function.it accepts the name of the function as its first
argument and any number of keyword argument,each corresponding to a variable part of the URL rule.
The url_for() function is very useful for dynamicallu bulding a url for specific function. the function accepts the name of a function 
as first argumnet.and one or more keyword arguments,each corresponding to the variable part of URL.
